Add Babel 8 migration docs (#2765)
babel/website: docs/v8-migration-api.md

    path.replaceWith(
      t.memberExpression(
        path.node,
        t.identifier("foo")
      ))
  }
  ```
  You don't have to update the usage if `super()` and `super.foo` is not involved:
  ```js title="my-babel-plugin.js"
  // define an expression as a computed key of `foo`
  if (t.isExpression(path.node)) {
    path.replaceWith(
      t.memberExpression(
        t.identifier("foo"),
        // `super` can not be a computed key, so we don't update `isExpression`
        path.node,
        /* computed */ true
      ))
  }
  ```

![low](https://img.shields.io/badge/risk%20of%20breakage%3F-low-yellowgreen.svg)

- Remove `t.jSX*` and `t.tS*` builder aliases ([#6989](https://github.com/babel/babel/issues/6989), [#15527](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/15527))

  __Migration__: Use `t.jsx*` and `t.ts*` instead. For example, replace `t.jSXIdentifier("foo")` by `t.jsxIdentifier("foo")`.

- Remove `selfClosing` argument from `t.jsxElement` ([#14464](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/14464))

  ```diff
  - t.jsxElement(openingElement, closingElement, children, selfClosing?: boolean)
  + t.jsxElement(openingElement, closingElement, children)
  ```

>   __Migration__: The `selfClosing` argument is not used in the builder. You can safely remove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  __Migration__: The `selfClosing` argument was already not used in the builder. You can safely remove it.
```

- Remove `optional` argument from `t.memberExpression` ([#13407](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/13407))

  ```diff
  - t.memberExpression(object, property, computed, optional?: boolean)
  + t.memberExpression(object, property, computed)
  ```

>   __Migration__: The `optional` argument is not used in the builder. You can safely remove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  __Migration__: The `optional` argument was already not used in the builder. You can safely remove it.
```

  // ]
  // Babel 8
  // [
  //  Token (templateNonTail) { value: "head" },
  //  Token (name) { value: "x" },
  //  Token (templateNonTail) { value: "middle" },
  //  Token (name) { value: "y" },
  //  Token (templateTail) { value: "tail" }
  // ]
  ```

  **Migration**: Adapt to the new token design. If you want to restore to the Babel 7 behaviour, manually transform them to the Babel 7 tokens ([example](https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/7e60a93897f9a134506251ea51269faf4d02a86c/packages/babel-parser/src/parser/statement.ts#L116-L188)).

### `@babel/traverse`

![low](https://img.shields.io/badge/risk%20of%20breakage%3F-low-yellowgreen.svg)

- [Allow skipped `NodePath`s to be requeued](https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/43b623c1f1e86e6fb86cae8d955a84fd924380a4/packages/babel-traverse/src/path/context.js#L241-L247) ([#13291](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/13291))

  **Notes**: `NodePath#requeue()` can requeue a skipped NodePath. This is actually a bugfix, but it causes an infinite loop in the tdz implementation of `@babel/plugin-transform-block-scoping` so we defer the change to Babel 8.

![low](https://img.shields.io/badge/risk%20of%20breakage%3F-low-yellowgreen.svg)

> 

Reviewer: We can probably avoid mentioning this, since the only breakage it causes is when used with old Babel 7 packages?

Author: If it breaks us, chances are it may break other plugins. Let's keep plugin authors informed that such changes may break their plugins. I will place this one after the `scope.rename`. Is that good?

- Remove `block` argument from `Scope#rename` ([#15288](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/15288))

  ```diff
  - rename(oldName: string, newName?: string, block?: t.Pattern | t.Scopable)
  + rename(oldName: string, newName?: string)
  ```

>   __Migration__: The third argument `block` is not used by the method. You can safely remove it if you are depending on `Scope#rename`.

Author: The third argument `block` could cause the renamer to traverse any given `block`:

https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/3d47fb696fa067799f9d25a6863a1b24f256fdea/packages/babel-traverse/src/scope/lib/renamer.ts#L153-L157

so for those passing the `block` argument other than `scope.block`, it could be a breaking change.
